Fix Mantid cmake build with '-DUSESANITIZER=address' (#38943)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.13.0/Framework/Build_tools/Bugfixes/38943.rst

> - Fixed a bug where the cmake build with `-DUSE_SANITIZER=address` no longer completed successfully.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the developer docs for the feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the cmake build for :doc:`running sanitizers <RunningSanitizers>` with `-DUSE_SANITIZER=address` no longer completed successfully.
```

> - Fixed a bug where the cmake build with `-DUSE_SANITIZER=address` no longer completed successfully. For more details see :doc:`RunningSanitizers <RunningSanitizers>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- CMake now successfully builds with ``-DUSE_SANITIZER=address``. For more details see :doc:`RunningSanitizers <RunningSanitizers>`.
```
You will need to add a `Build Tools/Bugfixes` section to the framework release notes page otherwise this will disappear.
https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/blob/main/docs/source/release/v6.13.0/framework.rst

Author: I just rebased it again, after adding in your suggested changes.
